🧑‍💻 Add axe scan task to PR template checklist (#753)
OHCRN/platform: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] PR feedback has been addressed **if applicable**
- [ ] New environment variables added to `.env.schema` files, `README.md`
- [ ] Added copyrights to new files

> - [ ] Passes Axe Accessibility Full-Page Scan with no Critical/Serious issues (For UI changes only)

Reviewer: How would you feel about something like:

```suggestion
- [ ] [axe DevTools](https://www.deque.com/axe/browser-extensions/) "Full Page Scan" of updated pages passes without introducing new Critical or Serious issues (UI changes only)
```

Also, how would you feel about moving this right after the "Tests are updated (if required) and passing" item?
